Now that we are big shots and we know the basic age the AML document structure let's implement that
in our page.
First of all let me just get rid of this head in one paragraph because we're going to redo this anyway.
And let's start with our doctor.
So here we're going to declare what version of HMO the use and an arc is that's gonna be interesting.
0 5 as you can see right away Visual Studio code gives you suggestion.
It's like Hey listen do you want a doctor.
And sure enough we do.
Again this is not cheating.
There's nothing wrong with that.
This will gonna save you a lot of time in the long run.
Now next we'll have HDMI root element again.
Let me get over all caps.
No no we're gonna write each demo now within the email.
Remember we had the ED element and within the head element we can right away place the title again title
is just gonna be where the title of the page is gonna be displayed.
So here we're gonna say first that first that first web page and then let's go right away to the body
and let's write within the body there's gonna be two more things heading one is gonna be.
Hello my name is John or whatever name you there with the right.
Right.
So hello my name is John and then I'm gonna write I know in a paragraph and this is my first webpage
and this is my first web page.
Now once I'm going to save it nothing is gonna change right now because we still would need to restart
the server because now we do have the proper actual page structure or document structure.
So let me do this.
Let me just go over to the port and click on disposing it so I can see it.
Gonna say that server is gonna be online.
Okay fair enough.
And then let's go live in the moment.
I'm gonna go live.
Not as this is gonna be my page with the title here at the very top so I can close this tab.
And now let's test it out whether live server is working properly where we can type something and the
moment we're gonna save it the changes are gonna be displayed live in a live server or in dev server
sorry.
So let's say this is my first page and it is very good.
And let's add a bunch of exclamation marks here and let's save this.
And sure enough the moment we save it.
Notice what happens.
So all the changes were being displayed right away here on a life server.
So what's happening again is we don't need to go and refresh because live server is doing for us.
So development server is working hard.
So we have to law work less hard.
I also like to right away show you that with a dev server with the lives of we have an option of right
away where we every time we're gonna be working there's gonna be changes this way.
And for this we have also.
So let's do this.
This guy.
And then every time we're gonna be typing something it will in fact gonna be displayed right away in
a page.
So let's say after the won I'm gonna add another one.
So as I'm starting to type notice what happens in the life server.
So in this case we don't need the need to save anything.
The moment we're gonna be typing something we're adding something the changes are gonna be displayed
like.
However I do find it a little bit annoying especially when you start working on when things like Javascript.
So I usually have my went off.
Now it's really up to you whether you'd like to prefer to work or for this tutorial.
I've always going to have my one off.
So first I'm gonna make the changes and then I'm going to save the changes and then they're all gonna
be displayed here on the page.
Also I'd like to talk about how the tags are nested.
So as you notice we have the H email and each team now would be a growth element and then we have two
children.
And the reason why they're called children they're sitting within this age the email element.
Now the two children are a hard element as well as the body.
Now it is important to keep the syntax because this will not going to make sense if you have a child
within the head element.
And then let's say the closing tag of this title is gonna be removed and placed let's say outside the
head element you always need to follow the structure where if you have the element and if you nest something
within this element more sandwich or whatever however you'd like to call it.
It's important that the closing tag also is going to be sitting within the same element.
Now the same would work here in the body if let's say I would get rid of this closing tag for my heading
one and place it and so on the body or even outside the email.
It will not gonna make sense.
So this is something also you should remember about children and parent.
So the parent is gonna be the parent element where the child is sick and as you can see a child can
also can have multiple or one other child on.
So even though the head is the child of the normal it can have the child on its own meaning the title
element in this case would be the child of the head.
Now I know it might sound foreign with children and parents everything but just remember that is important
to follow the syntax where if you are placing something within the element make sure that elements closing
tag and opening tag are actually sitting within this element and the same would go here don't mix.
Let's say heading one with paragraph don't place the closing tag for the heading One within this paragraph
because again you're going to get errors and it will not going to make sense.